to arianna huffington
she's become an icon
a media mogul icon and
what are these people that are
fun to imitate if you have the
ability imitate people
as she was so brilliantly done
on Saturday Night Live and
so so gotta have earned start
and local so
Kaman so she came to my office
and just to learn about the
genesis the Huffington Post
people who have reshaped our
access to information
via the Internet any such person
is working
that was especially true with
re: to hear her
share with me the decision
please
the branch point I could have
done this but I did this here's
why people thought it would go
this way
i'd knew it would go that way
went somewhere in the middle
this they thought this rebel I
knew it would succeed
did wanna hear the story because
all of us at some point in our
lives are trying to
succeed we're trying to do good
in the world
we're trying to make the world a
better place for us happened in
it and
to hear her candor and her
sensitivity in her
and frankly I expected much
bigger ego
going into that conversation i'm
arianna huffington you're not
kind if you go
and no we were just like chill
it had all the components
supplied
kicking back drinking beer in a
bar it had that kinda feeling
to kinda not so much a tell-all
but here's what makes me tick
and here's why
and for successful people
there's always interesting tools
because our world is in the tech
universe
we got to have good
conversations about what role
progress in technology might
play in
her livelihood has a medium bowl
when what what impact being
on the Internet conceived as an
eternity
had on the distribution and
media from before
and so this the start talking
element
not otherwise just supporters on
a person's successes
it's about how to cite intake
touch those persons we
accomplished just crap